>> Brian Holt: So that was context.
I would say that's the most
difficult thing about core React,
is understanding context,
it's the more advanced features.
There's other cool patterns you can
do with React, like render props and
stuff like that,
which I'm not talking about today.
Kent has a course on it here on
Frontend Masters, which is great.
So check that out if you want to get
into more advanced patterns with React.
>> Brian Holt: But I think context is
a more difficult one to wrap around,
cuz it's just a little bit more abstract.
It's a little bit more handwavy and
black magic-y, so.
>> Speaker 2: How do you go about
making a decision to either
stay with the more simple pattern of
parents passing props down into children
or move that data into
something like context?
What does it look like when you're
agonizing over that moment?
>> Brian Holt: I wait until I
absolutely can't stand it anymore.
Because again, I think if you have
the very explicit pattern of passing props
down from parent to children, it makes
your code easier to come back to later and
say like, I understand how this gets
from here to here to here to here.
I like to use the example of
you have a logged in user and
this logged in user has some
data associated with it, right?
That's gonna be used everywhere
in your application, right?
So if I start having to moving things
up into the root parent component and
passing it into every route,
then I'll start questioning it, like,
maybe I should use context for this.
>> Brian Holt: And
I guess that's what it is.
If something has to live in the parent
component and is used in more than two
places, in two places I'll probably
suffer and just deal with it that way.
But if I'm using in three or four places,
I might move that into context.
>> Brian Holt: But I'm trying not
to be too prescriptive with my
attitudes about this.
I want you to learn these patterns,
yourselves, and
make your own decisions, right?
According to your own sensibility,
according to what works for your team.
I'm showing you one
opinion of how this works.
But I'm hoping that you understand
the patterns and grasp the patterns so
that you yourself can
make these decisions.